---
layout: article
title: The future of Sleepy Discord
description:
author: Sleepy Flower Girl
---

The updates lately have been slow because I work on Sleepy Discord in my free time. I just started college and found how little free time I have and how much time I need to put into going to classes, doing projects, and studying. Which gives very little time to play video games and writing code for Sleepy Discord or my other projects. I'm very sorry about that to all the people that rely on me to continually update Sleepy Discord. I understand the state that Sleepy Discord isn't great and I'm aware of the problems it has and has solutions to them. Solutions such as a better cache that is build-in the library and ways to make making your own cache easier. If you are interested in my plans for the library, check out [my to-do list](https://trello.com/b/x5xsx21a/sleepy-discord-plans).

However, the sad reality is that this is mostly a hobby and my parents want me to have a diploma from college. I've been trying to find a balance since I don't want to just leave the people that rely on my library to be left in the dust. I've been thinking of solutions, like maybe donations, or patron. The problem with those is that unless I make a decent amount that will allow me to go full time, then the issue still exists. So sadly, I don't know what I can do about it. I'm still going to continue to develop Sleepy Discord, but do understand that things are going to be slow until a solution to this problem is found.

## Why am I writing about this?

This might be old news to some of you but [a backdoor was found in a popular event-stream NPM repo ](https://github.com/dominictarr/event-stream/issues/116). I'm not going to put a backdoor in Sleepy Discord but I wanted to bring up this issue because the owner said: "I don't get any thing from maintaining this module, and I don't even use it anymore, and havn't for years." To honest, I can relate to this guy. Tho, I do think that giving the rights to his project to some guy that email you and not telling everyone isn't a great idea. However, I do want to highlight the fact that he felt got nothing out of continuing to working on his project. 

## What to do?

It's kind of crazy to think about this but I've been working Sleepy Discord for 2 years now but things aren't looking good for its future. I'm worried that this will become just like most of the other C++ Discord library, all but one died from being abandoned. I didn't expect my library to grow in popularity this much. But now that it has, I know that people are relying on me and I'm afraid of what happens when I'm not there to help all the people that come to rely on Sleepy Discord. So how we prevent libraries that we rely on from becoming an abandoned library or a backdoor? To be honest, I don't know. So, that's why I'm asking people to come up with ideas [post them here.]()